Re-sync with ES 8.12 branch. (#113)
elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.1.2

>   - Re-syncs with Elasticsearch 8.12 [#113](https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration/pull/113)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Synchronize with Elasticsearch 8.12 and include elasticsearch-geo jar to include a missed class [#113](https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration/pull/113)
```

>   - Synchronize with Elasticsearch 8.12 and include elasticsearch-geo jar to include a missed class [#113](https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration/pull/113)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Synchronize with Elasticsearch 8.12 and include elasticsearch-geo jar to resolve a missed class [#113](https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration/pull/113)
```
